Subscribing to notifications documentation (#3248)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Code/Subscribing-To-Notifications/index.md

---
meta.title: "Subscribing to notifications"
meta.description: "Subscribing to notifications allows you to execute custom code on a number of operations both before and after the operation occurs"
versionFrom: 9.0.0
updated-links: true
verified-against: beta-3
state: complete
v8-equivalent: "https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Fundamentals/Code/Subscribing-To-Events/"
---

:::note

> Events was renamed to Notifications in V9, this article is only relevant for V9. For V8 equivalent see: [Events](../Subscribing-To-Events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Umbraco 9 Events has been renamed to Notifications. This article is only relevant if you are using Umbraco 9. 
For Umbraco 8 see the [Subscribing to events article](../Subscribing-To-Events)
```
